well Nyna here
who's that guy he's yours look in the
coma I heard from year-over-year just
took off my son and I should be around
him I wasn't around my dad looked the
way I turned out how are you gonna take
care of us
I can't think of another line of work
that I'd rather be in you're so smart
you can do anything you want just don't
understand why you're doing this I'm a
cop Jenna got a kid you want to provide
for that kid you got to do that using
your skill set and your skill set shit
down
all right everybody put your hands in
the power
for sure
Thomas for me I'm still his father I can
give him stuff and I'm officer to Luke
that we're here to search your house
well far we're looking for the money
that Luke Glanton may or may not have
given to you what team grant the lion
shares going through our hero this is
your problem this is our problem and I'm
bringing it to your attention because
that's what I should do I learn to turn
one day I'm not gonna let you bring this
boat down it's a way out of this you're
not gonna like it
you know something look if you're a ride
like right now you're gonna crash like
thunder
you